# Q

* Can we have Aaron's slides for reference?
* Audience segmentations to be provided by NMM
* What content will you be able to share with us?
* Exhibition Design Sheet, it's like a design brief, self-contained document
* Design guidelines? May not be available in time


# Notes

4 new galleries in 2018, we're involved in the "best one"

Tudor&Stuart: Britain emergence as a maritime power, from being a peripheral small nation

Collection is made out of bling, models as well as intimate, everyday objects like a shoe

18th - 19th - 20th heavy museum, so this gallery will fill a massive gap

Fabric effects on the wall, to "take you back" to the feeling of the 16th century

Early modern period: explorers like Colombo, Vespucci, Da Gama, whose work had a huge impact on European and World history

Boom in map making at the time. `Mapping the World` is at the entrance of the Gallery

Spanish Armada 1588: tell the story of the people involved into it, Spanish sailors as well

Anglo-Dutch Wars 1652-74, there's a mutual interest for these to be forgotten. Dutch raid into the Thames, sailors weren't happy so they used it as a sort of strike

The mothers, wives and daughters of the seafarers... 

Many seafarers left no trace of their lives, many were illiterate. Edward Barlow was the Forrest Gump of the time, he went everywhere and did everything.

Diversity of sailors: English, Irish, Black, Indian, American

Pirates: very easy sell. It was a huge phenomenon at the time. Some of them were petty thieves, some of them women (issues of representation)

Encounters: people who the explorers came into contact with when landing in America etc.

Global trade: spices, gold, timber, slaves

Ships, dockyards and shipbuilding: the industry which started around that time

Pepper's ghost

### Target

What are the audience expectations, physical needs (wheelchair accessible, audio with BSL, subtitles)

Make sure everyone can engage with the interactive
 
Segmentation: local audience vs tourist, `broadening horizons` (older audiences, National Trust types), people who like the opera

### Interactive

The content comes first: for each exhibit, what is the one idea you want the visitor to leave with...

What message do you want to communicate? Wealth and variety of content? Specific stories?

Mapping interactive: there will be things around, but you can't assume that people will have read/seen them before interacting with the thing.

Designing the content and target first, then design the UX, flowchart, how interactive is it (website or game, open exploration)

What is the look&feel of it?

Multitouch screen, only English, size of table has to take into account wheelchair users

Single-user interaction given the layout of the space

Buttons, iconography and interaction models will have to be rather standard, so that people don't have to learn new systems all the time

Time spent in front of something in a museum is different, eg: 3 minutes max for a video or interactive experience, more than than would require sitting 

32" touchscreen

Sometimes people can share the information from interactives with themselves / others

collections.rmg.org.uk/collections.html to familiarise yourself with the collection

Be clear about the aim of the interactive.. what do you want to communicate: before you arrive you knew nothing now I know `this thing` 

Chris could lend us a touchscreen to use for prototyping









